# scripts

### I keep all my scripts as executable files in a `.scripts` folder that I've added to my Path. If you use them; you may need to tinker.
<br>

**column-checker**: A script I built to find any columns in a SQL database that are reserved keywords. I used this when migrating
a database from MySQL 5 to MySQL 8 to find which areas of the codebase could possibly be referencing a reserved keyword without
proper mitigation and crashing the application. It uses a SQL backup of the database to determine which columns are reserved.
If you need this for something simliar; you can use the `sql_file` variable to point to your SQL backup and may need to look
at the `re.compile` and `line.strip` to ensure it follows the patterning of your SQL backup file.
<br><br>

**hdelete**: A simple script I use to find certain hidden files that are generated by operating systems when I'm
transferring files from one to the other or preparing to make a zip/container archive. It will run in the current 
directory of the terminal window or you can run on a specific directory using the `--d` flag.
<br><br>

**push-image-to-ecr**: Mainly an overly complicated exercise - but one that does currently work. This script will tag a docker
image for AWS ECR and push to your ECR repository. Upon running; the script will ask for three inputs: the AWS account 
number, the image/repository name, and the tag. Take note that at my current position we use MFA and role assumption for 
our AWS work - so you may need to edit the `session` variable to suit your login needs if you use this. Or you can do 
the same actions as this script via three lines in the terminal. ;-)
<br><br>

**youtube-downloader**: Script that uses the `yt-dlp` library to download videos from YouTube. It downloads the highest video
resolution the video has to an .MP4 file. It also supports just downloading the audio to an .MP3 file. The `--output` flag allows you 
to choose what to name the file. Use it to download tech stuff, memes, or both - _the primeagen_. No warranty explicit or implied. Use
at your own risk. I take no responsibility if used for nefarious purposes. These are not the droids you are looking for.
<br><br>